README.md, before:

# Test React Currency

## Commands

```bash
# Install deps
yarn

# Run development server, starting on http://localhost:3000
yarn dev
```

## Instructions

```
Please write a currency converter from any user selected currency to another user selected
currency using the JSON file provided here.

Data source: cad.json

The solution will include 1 part, and a bonus if you wish to demonstrate additional skills.
1. Client implementation using ReactJS and the provided data source.

Bonus
1. Server implementation using NodeJS and Express to provide the cad.json data to the
Frontend.

2. Instead of directly using cad.json server side, attempt to import and retrieve the cad.json
data from MySQL community (this one may be tricky, don’t waste too much time on it).

3. Demonstrate a simple solution for accessibility (e.g. keyboard navigation and focus). Set
the focus to one of the controls coming into the page, and when the calculate button is
clicked, programmatically set focus back to the beginning.

You can be as creative as you like, just make sure your code is structured in a way that you feel
is professional. Please keep in mind that we are not rating you on how much functionality you
put into the application so there is no need to go overboard. If you want to use any additional
libraries to enhance the experience, please feel free to do so. A solution is better than no
solution if you need to modify the requirements, e.g. hardcoding from CAD to any currency; but
the goal is any to any.
There is no official time limit as we understand you need to fit this into your schedule but the
sooner the better. Once you look it over send me a quick estimate as to when you think you can
send it to us, and we will go from there. Once it’s ready simply zip up the project and email it to
me along with any instructions you may have.
```

Commit message:

Install prettier and cleanup code

README.md, after:

# Test React Currency

## Commands

```bash
# Install deps
yarn

# Run development server, starting on http://localhost:3000
yarn dev
```

### Prettier
```bash
# Check for errors
yarn format:check

# Fix the errors
yarn format
```

## Instructions

```
Please write a currency converter from any user selected currency to another user selected
currency using the JSON file provided here.

Data source: cad.json

The solution will include 1 part, and a bonus if you wish to demonstrate additional skills.
1. Client implementation using ReactJS and the provided data source.

Bonus
1. Server implementation using NodeJS and Express to provide the cad.json data to the
Frontend.

2. Instead of directly using cad.json server side, attempt to import and retrieve the cad.json
data from MySQL community (this one may be tricky, don’t waste too much time on it).

3. Demonstrate a simple solution for accessibility (e.g. keyboard navigation and focus). Set
the focus to one of the controls coming into the page, and when the calculate button is
clicked, programmatically set focus back to the beginning.

You can be as creative as you like, just make sure your code is structured in a way that you feel
is professional. Please keep in mind that we are not rating you on how much functionality you
put into the application so there is no need to go overboard. If you want to use any additional
libraries to enhance the experience, please feel free to do so. A solution is better than no
solution if you need to modify the requirements, e.g. hardcoding from CAD to any currency; but
the goal is any to any.
There is no official time limit as we understand you need to fit this into your schedule but the
sooner the better. Once you look it over send me a quick estimate as to when you think you can
send it to us, and we will go from there. Once it’s ready simply zip up the project and email it to
me along with any instructions you may have.
```
